hey guys want our batch tips meet Jack
Morris mattifier films where this week
we're doing something a little bit
different we're having to move doric
normal pelvic thrusts you guys were
great at sending moves we've got loads
of moves now normal pelvic thrusts some
actual good moves but this particular
move is just an opener at least the
instructions only go so far as the
opener so what we're gonna try and do is
I'll teach you how to do the opener and
then we'll have a little bit of a play
around with it to see if we can create a
replay sort of live on the show and you
can guys then go off on your own and
practice it should provide a nice little
way of you guys opening your replays
while still learning something about how
to follow it up and do something awesome
anyway the replay is body of move out
actually move is by vampire 9 8 and it's
called fabulous and out and his his
version is pretty rare to bifurcate sort
of backwards he'll bite to get kick that
looks looks pretty great but the
instructions only go so far as sort of
there and then from there we're kind of
encouraged to make it up as you go along
so anyway the way this opener works
you're gonna want to first press ctrl-g
which i've already done but petrology
and change your engage distance your
it'll be on 100 change it to 200 and
then click OK it's all I really have to
change then hold all oh wait no don't
hold off that's a bad instruction by
Jack there don't hold off so don't press
C extend both your glutes and use for
turns so 1 2 3 and 4 then and hold
everything so you can either double tap
C or press X on the individual glutes a
sub dream is probably easier to press C
twice contract your left glute and
contracture right glute we probably
could have just swapped that over
actually I'm not sure why I bothered
with a double C I'm just reading the
instructions man you want to end
contract your life knee that's most will
down on your left knee extend your right
knee which is over here extended that's
most will up on your right knee contract
your left hip which is here converse
will app on your left hip extend your
right hip that's mouse wheel down on
your right hip find Jess which is here
underneath my stupid hat and left rotate
it thus most wheel down extend your left
PEC which is mouse wheel up on your left
PEC and then contract your right back
mouse wheel down on your right PEC I'm
sure you guys can see the pattern here
then use three turns so spacebar 1 2
three then you want to extend your left
knee that's going to put you into the
into the jump that we've seen now this
is as far as the instruction score so
first let's see how it plays out sort of
default you can see not every a lot
happens there Jeff kind of gets
catapulted into the air but not a lot
else so let's just play the replay back
okay so I think we're gonna want to jump
in around about yeah run about there as
the leg goes up into the air let's see
if we can er first let's see what
happens if we extend our leg or maybe
can track the knee yeah maybe we can get
like a like backward snap kick go and
they'll be pretty cool Oh actually if I
just extend ooh a wrap kick thing here
this would be great it's might and bring
the glute what I'm doing here bring a my
glute to keep my legs together
try and get a nice I think I might have
gone a little bit early there yeah I
went a little bit too early on there
alright let's keep trying the sole
replay bacon is it's trial and error
trial now unless you're really good
which I am NOT it was 4:30 when I like
started extending so that seems like a
good place as any to uh jump back in I
really want to try and get that kick the
kick seems like a really good idea so I
can extend both my oh that's interesting
uh-hmm okay there we go that's kinda
what I'm going for
uh yeah this is probably gonna work if I
extend my knee now oh I can't I come on
I should have it up I forget that's
definitely should have been am i I got a
time to kick a little bit little bit
earlier I think all right let's keep
trying mm-hmm don't extend the neither
hold the knee for a little bit longer
maybe I am if I rotate my chest I might
really get a little bit more power on it
ah hmm car yeah there we go check that
out awesome for the first time in Terry
Bausch tips history I've tried to make a
replay on the show and it's work use and
that really could open it there although
all credit goes to the open effort
obviously but this is a turned out
actually pretty cool so I'm gonna flop
on the floor now because I have no style
whatsoever and we'll take a look at and
I'll try to talk you through once again
what I did there and maybe maybe even
have a slight pause here I need to tweak
a I'm gonna jump into the air if
I get we hang up and and stand yeah sort
of kind of alright whatever it doesn't
matter I got I got an awesome bifurcate
kick that that actually looks some
actually looks pretty cool yeah so as
you can see this opener is really really
really easy to tweak I mean it didn't
take me long as you guys saw to me by
three tries to get that right all I need
to do is just play around with your legs
it's really straightforward line up that
kick
it turned out really powerful actually I
can kind of impress with that so yeah
they'll be detailed to the opener in
this description after you'd like to try
and recreate what I did go back and
watch the video I'm sure you guys can
see what I'm doing I didn't really do it
that quickly so you should be able to
work it out but yeah there's a lot of
customizations that can be had with this
move and I'm kind of eager to see yes
can come up with if you have a
customization and you'd like to see it
on toribash replay showcase you can send
it send the replay file to submissions
at mana fire films.com with the email
subject re bash replay showcase there is
now a guide for that on our channel if
you search how to send my tarbash
replays to man on fire films probably on
youtube you'll be able to find a pre
searched on our channel you'll find a
really in-depth step-by-step guide on
how to submit replays specifically to
the channel so if you couldn't work it
out before off you if you're worried you
haven't been submitted correctly go
check out that video and it'll talk you
through it anyway I've been Jack Morris
manna fire films if you've enjoyed this
please comment like subscribe and go
tell your friends about it for units of
favor
hope you enjoyed guys bye
you